we'll start this off real simple I need
an idea I got investment capital and I
need you guys to just knock it out of
the park
Juliet tell me what you got it's it's a
an idea for a new cruise line wait real
quick what is the name of your business
Jared it's called the Rock cruise lines
yes like the movie oh great I'm already
on board this it's only about it oh well
okay well you get on this cruise line
and everybody on the cruise or who works
for the company is all Sean Connery they
all Sean Connery all the time it might
be from different movies but alright you
guys gotta work real hard because that I
would actually go on that like I'm the
last of the dragons and then they would
repeat it back to me that sounds amazing
Z what is the name of your business oh
it's a work it's a woodworking work in
progress the name itself but I'm
actually testing my product right now oh
is the levitation device that lets you
swim through the air okay I'm seeing it
right now firsthand you're a wizard now
I'm compelled to shoot you but I'm
willing to listen well that's all about
Sean Connery always been as far as I
guys can't lose with Sean Connery now as
a man who loves guinea pigs you know the
passion you know the intrigue that comes
with a guinea pig correct yes yes I see
that now wouldn't you also like to share
your passion and love with the rest of
the world yeah okay my idea be honest is
just guinea pigs having sex and you
watch oh like life I'm gonna step back
right now cuz I feel like you're gonna
shoot me you got my interest piqued
alright chilled imagine if you will a
youtuber right just like you or me I'm
sitting mate sit next to the computer
and you know what they want something to
put in their mouth now what do you have
in front of you at all times what do you
what do you what do you have in front of
you my my phone your microphone your
microphone so imagine if you will this
is a flavoured microphone like uh
they're they're they're replaceable you
can come in different flavors if you
want popcorn flavored you could have
that
I'm thinking on the name it's like it's
either lik a phone or micro pop I'm not
exactly sure yet it's still invaded by
kebab well first of all the name we're
gonna try and do like a spin-off of
1-800 flowers we're gonna do it 1-800
get you off let's say my good friend
alpha he accidentally commits a hate
crime say he kills a white man oh we
will say we will send to his door
immediately
a white attorney and let's say for
example Deema kills a black man we
haven't a black a train to him you call
immediately boom you're done Lima what
is your business plan okay try to follow
me in this one this one's a little out
there but have you ever wanted to peer
outside of your house without having
your house be viewable from the outside
basically you can you can look at
everybody you can spy on everybody
outside of your house but they can't
look in it's just like like like like
tinted windows for example camera so
everybody would have a see-through house
and they would be looking at everybody
that's on the street or something like
that now we would offer the service but
as an early investor you would get
special sunglasses that could peer into
their house without them knowing so
their unsuspectingly spying on people
but you get to spy on them this is
creepy it's like okay when you're
arrested I can hook you up my company is
called little Chubby's now let me tell
you about my business now I know you
often ask yourself huh Adam
now now most adults get boners right now
what about what about children
supposed to shoot him now yeah they'd
given me if the gun again or do you want
some bows okay hold on real quick
shields about to tell us why my business
ideas amazing will continue yeah it's
probably the police looking for me